Lauren Kelly: Hey, Rebecca.
Lauren Kelly: Hey you. Hey, so I'm sorry I had problems with the zoom thing I was on hold for like 30 minutes of them I call got dropped and then I called back and then that was on hold for another 20 minutes and then they told me there's some zoom update
Lauren Kelly: That's like not letting people call in unless you do the zoom update. Then I had to update it before I would even let me get
Lauren Kelly: I've been trying to get through since 1030 so I apologize. I was like, she's gonna think I'm not showing up and oh my gosh, so
Lauren Kelly: I've been trying to get us in 1030 so I apologize for the trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, don't worry. I get it. Zoom is is been a pain in the butt lately, so no worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, why you
Lauren Kelly: Think so many people are just on it. I'm, I'm okay. Um, so, um, yeah. So luckily, and like I don't want to get too ahead of myself with my dog but she had a really good night last night, and like, I mean, normally, she's up
Lauren Kelly: You know, at 1am 3am 6am just because her. She can't control her bowel movements or anything. So like
Lauren Kelly: As soon as I kind of a cure her color move. I have to jump up and like get her out. Like, she's like, ping within five seconds or whatever. And for some reason she slept like nine this morning.
Lauren Kelly: And over the weekend. It was like I was thinking like this. Is it like she was up.
Lauren Kelly: I want to say it was like most Saturday and Sunday night I was up every single hour with her and and there would just be diarrhea everywhere, so I'm
Lauren Kelly: I would spend about 45 minutes playing the diary everywhere. And she's a cocker spaniel she has this really thick hair so then I'm spending another half hardest thing her butt and everything and and then
Lauren Kelly: So, and then I'd go back to sleep for 30 minutes and then she'd be up doing it again, you know, and then sometimes she would just like lay there and be barking.
Lauren Kelly: And barking at like 3am and I get up and she's just like laying around diarrhea. She like can't get up, you know, and it's just
Lauren Kelly: It's just, I was just really scared and I don't want to think like, Oh, she had willing. Good night. It's all better and she's a 15 and a half year old dog. You know, so
Lauren Kelly: I mean old he is old age, but the last 24 hours have been really good. So with her. So that's been a lot better than yesterday, like yesterday, I was just bawling my eyes out thinking like, oh my god, this is happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the next couple of days. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: She's just laying there and barking and paint like she isn't just lay around and bark for no reason. And she's been doing that. I'm like, Is she trying to tell me she's in pain. Like, I can't watch her like in so much pain. But if that decision, just so hard, because
Lauren Kelly: I still see joy in her every day, like, once I get her sometimes like her back ladies will kind of give out when we're on a walk and she can't get up and I kind of get her back up. But then she's walking and doing fine. You know, so it's like
Lauren Kelly: I just still and maybe it's me wanting to hold on too long. I don't know, but I just still see that there's like joy in her life. So I just really want to hang on to every day. I have because
Lauren Kelly: I like I've had that dog since I was with I got her when I was 20 I BOUGHT A HOUSE WHEN I WAS 20 and I thought like, oh, the first thing you do when you buy a house, you get a dog, and I was really successful when I was younger and
Lauren Kelly: I had this great job. It was making tons of money and and that's when they were doing like the zero downloads and all that. So it was easy to you know get alone. And so I bought
Lauren Kelly: I bought this house in like two weeks later I got her and I was still with my high school boyfriend. I'd like lost my virginity. When I got her so like I've literally never gone through a breakup in my adult life without this guy, you know, it's
Lauren Kelly: Like out of, you know, I probably lived 25 different places, since I've had her. She's gone everywhere with me. You know, it's just out of, like, every thing and person that's come and gone and left me and my life. That's the one thing
Lauren Kelly: That's interesting. And and stable and like the one thing I could always count on and i mean
Lauren Kelly: During like those super dark times like you know like what had happened last month we fought like that's literally the only thing that's kept me from
Lauren Kelly: Like ending it literally of knowing, like this little dog is counting on me and I've always been
Lauren Kelly: Terrified like I've even had friends of mine. Tell me, like, yeah, I'm scared for what's going to happen when you lose Haley, because I know how like attached to her, you are, you know, I'm a 36 year old woman with no kids, I got her when I was 20 that's the closest thing to a child, I have
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, I have always just been terrified for like my own mental health. And when I lose her because that literally like I feel like she saved my life like multiple times when I've just like
Lauren Kelly: Then on the verge of just wanting it. Just to make everything stop and just any to it and knowing. Like, I can't do that term because somebody else might
Lauren Kelly: Be in a water her, but nobody's going to like take care of her. The way I will. And I, when I made that commitment to her. It was lifelong, you know, and I'm not going to leave her and have her have a less, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Have a lesson quality of life and less attention and all that. Just because like I selfishly wanted to check out, you know, and so I've always just thought like when I lose her like I just don't know what I'm going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and yeah.
Lauren Kelly: I had this really dark day I it was, I was just like all the lack of sleep like yesterday, I was just in this really dark place of thinking like, I don't know, like
Lauren Kelly: As much as, like, I love Paul and everything like with all this stuff that's happening with us. There's this part of me that just kind of has in the back of my head.
Lauren Kelly: I don't want to see, not the same commitment that I have had to our relationship. But before
Lauren Kelly: That relationship was like everything in the driving force to me. And sometimes I'll just tell myself. You know what He's just a guy that's in my life until he's not. You know what I mean and and
Lauren Kelly: And that relationship isn't like the most important thing in my life, it's you know and and i think about just like how hard
Lauren Kelly: Just life and everything is of, like, you know, I'm about to lose her. I just I, you know, trying to get a job right now with the way everything is like
Lauren Kelly: Knowing that if I, you know, were to break up with Paul or if you were to walk out again. I can't support myself financially like just just all just seven. It's like you just want it all just stop. You know what I mean. And I just so
Lauren Kelly: Just think like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I don't have kids. I probably never will. I was just thinking like yesterday, I was just like, you know, I'm never going to be a buddy's wife. I'm never going to be anybody's Mother, I'm never going to be like that important person to me when I'm kind of just
Lauren Kelly: A person just going through life in the motions and like it really would have fucking matter if I was here or not. I kind of just want everything to fucking stop, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And and I was thinking like yesterday, like if I lose her, like, I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: What they're really is like, I still have bear the other one but you know I found him running on the street. A couple years ago. I love him, and I'm super close and but it's not like the same relationship that I have with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Lauren Kelly: Oh and and and so it's like I was just in a really dark place yesterday, I just kept kind of going over like
Lauren Kelly: This be so much easier to not easier but like I just, I was thinking like, I hate that like
Lauren Kelly: To kill yourself that you have to be so violent like I just wish there was like a non violent way to do it, you know. And then I was thinking like I've never done heroin before, but maybe I
Lauren Kelly: Can get some heroin and do a bunch of heroin and just fall asleep. And that wouldn't be so violent, you know, but like I just, I don't know if I'm just a coward, or something. But I don't have it in me to like
Lauren Kelly: Select my arrest or hang myself or do one of these like bloody you know brain matter everywhere. Kind of things and and so I just was thinking like how I wish there was just like a quiet easy way I could do it because I'm just
Lauren Kelly: I just don't feel like I like really matter that much shame anybody and and that I don't know I just was in this really dark place yesterday, but um
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if maybe getting a good night's sleep or whatever helped open a feel a little better today, you know, I mean, I obviously
Lauren Kelly: I I've always had suicidal thoughts. I've always felt since I was a kid. I've always, you know, had that separate through my head. So I don't know if that will ever not either, but
Lauren Kelly: It kind of sucks out when things get bad. Like, that's where I go to, you know, it's like
Lauren Kelly: I just want this all to stop it. I just don't see like I used to kind of told myself. Like, what if I ended it now. And, like, for all I know. I was going to have a kid a couple years from then or something, you know. But at this point, I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: I'm 36 I've never even so much as had a scare like you know upon I have like a super healthy sex life like from sex.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, seven to 10 times a week it unprotected like and we have never even had a scare so like I'm convinced that like
Lauren Kelly: There's something probably wrong with me. They're like, I'm pretty sure that like if I ever did get pregnant, it would probably be with like IBM and science and like
Lauren Kelly: Nobody's gonna that's of socialism. Nobody's going to spend $15,000 to give me pregnant. I'm not. Yeah, I don't know, I just I just
Lauren Kelly: I'm kind of like boss that like, oh, but there could be this really great life waiting for me. I kind of like convince myself like this is it. And I'm just so over like
Lauren Kelly: Just the daily paddle of just trying to get through every fucking day and it just being so painful and I just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, like I've talked to like it. So like Paul has never had a problem with depression and never like had those issues. And I just wonder, like, why am I so much deeper than other people. Like, why
Lauren Kelly: Why do other people go through life. We're like, that's never even a thought in their head. And for me, it's a thought my head 200 times a day, you know and and I just, I'm just so sick of just like the just
Lauren Kelly: Like just hating myself having so much feel just thinking so low of myself, I'm
Lauren Kelly: Just feeling like I really have nothing. You know, like if I if I were to do that like the biggest trouble would be just getting rid of my stuff. You know what I mean like that somebody else would have to deal with and
Lauren Kelly: So it's like I was just thinking yesterday, maybe I started getting rid of my stuff over the next week or two. So that way, it's only a couple boxes, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Whatever you know I just I just feel like my imprint on the world is so small and like
Lauren Kelly: I just don't carry a lot of meaning to anyone and you know even like with Paul, it's like you know he's easily. You know, thrown me away and come and gone. And so I kind of
Lauren Kelly: I just kind of view the relationship differently now in that it just, to me, is like
Lauren Kelly: I just kind of tell myself. And sometimes there's like good days and things are good but like
Lauren Kelly: I just kind of told myself. He's just a guy that's in my life until he's not, you know, and that's all that relationship is, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: And it probably won't last that long and whatever, you know, and I just, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just really sick of having just the
Lauren Kelly: It's like I just a constant battle with myself to make myself like want to live, you know, and even though I'm clean, even though all those things are like on track like
Lauren Kelly: I just don't feel like I bring value to anyone or anything. And I just don't feel like if I wasn't here, it would be a big deal. You know, and
Lauren Kelly: But every day. It's like, no, you can't do that, you've got to like push through to another day. And then it's just another fucking day, you know, and I just, I don't know how to make that stop you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing, what are you doing right now for your recovery.
Lauren Kelly: So I've gone to, I did the woman in sobriety, meaning that I've been trying to get into a I just kind of kept pestering the lady until she finally got back to me and I'm giving you the call and I was really hoping it would be good. I, I actually didn't like it. It was
Lauren Kelly: It was like six women and all of them were like seem to be over the age of like 65 maybe like it was all like like legit like looks like my grandma today people and so
Lauren Kelly: And they were all like, like all of them were alcohol and one person was like an Ed. She said she like, what's a over either or whatever, like that was her thing. So it's just I just didn't connect with anybody. And it was just
Lauren Kelly: You know, I just feel like, like they, I think the issue was or the topic was
Lauren Kelly: Gratitude. So then people just went around the room and talk about these, they're grateful for and whatever. And it just like
Lauren Kelly: And then they do reading and then everybody read something you read a paragraph, they read a paragraph you read a paragraph, they read a paragraph and
Lauren Kelly: And then it's over. And I just, I just don't really take much from that, you know, I seem to do better with like my own readings in my own when I work, work, but by myself and that sort of
Lauren Kelly: Me listening to an hour and a half of this person saying, Oh, I'm really grateful that my grandkids came to visit me the other day. Oh, I'm really grateful that we just got the new house or, oh, I'm working on my garden right now and I'm really like I just don't take anything, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I try and I was trying to participate in, like, and they they asked me to like, you know, as I was new, introduce myself and tell my story and like
Lauren Kelly: I still haven't got through doing one share in a meeting without crying like I see all these other people. I can share their stories and they can hold it together.
Lauren Kelly: Even though I wasn't like connecting or or feeling super like
Lauren Kelly: Engaged in this meeting, I still when I tell my story. I still like cry every time you know and so then I was just
Lauren Kelly: Is it almost like and I have this with therapy. Sometimes you were like sometimes I wonder is it counterproductive in a way because sometimes like when we dive into all this stuff.
Lauren Kelly: I end up depressed for the rest of the day or the next couple of days. And you're like, is that like I know I need to be doing this and I put it off for so long and all that, like, like you mentioned that
Lauren Kelly: Yesterday when I was talking about you know how I'm glad I'm not using because if I lose my dog and you're like, well, you'll have to deal with that later. So I'm now dealing with all the losses and all the
Lauren Kelly: Trauma and tragedy and the things that happened that I didn't do it.
Lauren Kelly: But, um, it seems, sometimes when a like do the meetings or I do therapy. It's almost like I come out of it worse. But
Lauren Kelly: But I know that's because the rest of the time I'm pushing it down and I'm not dealing with it. So I can almost get through the day, like up here. So then when I deal with it. I'm like, down here, you know, and so
Lauren Kelly: Sometimes I'm like, Is this like good from it. Like, I know I need to be doing this, I should be doing this and they should have done it a long time ago. That's why we're having it with it now.
Lauren Kelly: But then I'm depressed for like the rest of the day because of all the stuff we just have to talk about, you know, and so it was kind of that way. For me, the media was Saturday at 930 to 11 and
Lauren Kelly: Then I was kind of like depressed and weird for the rest of the day, you know, and, and again, like I wasn't super connected to these people and I didn't feel super
Lauren Kelly: Like engaged and even though I was trying to participate and do everything you know that I could I shared for like 15 minutes I read everything they asked me to read. I did all that
Lauren Kelly: But at the end of the day, it's like I just, it just brings up all the old stuff of just like how Dupre to my life, used to be and just all that. I don't know. And then I'm just in this dark place. And so I'm like how helpful or good was that for you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you went in and tried to go to an NA meeting.
Lauren Kelly: No, I didn't know, are they doing, let me go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And well, I know that you can do them through zoom. I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I did. I did. So last week I did two meetings I did the women in sobriety and then I did a do
Lauren Kelly: nav as well and and the thing with the any media was. It was almost overwhelming, because there were so many people in that way. There was like
Lauren Kelly: Like I didn't get it a second to see if she wanted to share it a couple times tried to like raise my hand or whatever. But there was just so many people. It's like
Lauren Kelly: I couldn't get a word in edgewise. And it seemed like the people who
Lauren Kelly: I who were like regulars or something like kind of got to control that thing. And so like a newbie like you'd like
Lauren Kelly: And I saw other people doing that to where they kind of tried to speak up and then like somebody else or just kind of overpower them or whatever and
Lauren Kelly: And so it's so I get like a lot of people, you know, this is the one where they have to access it. So these things are really big, but
Lauren Kelly: There was just like, all I can really do is listen because everybody was just talking. And even when I tried to share it. I wasn't able to get a word and you know
So,
Lauren Kelly: Uh, but yeah, I think I connected more to that in a
Lauren Kelly: Meeting and then the women in sobriety which surprised me. I really thought the women's right first are women for sobriety what's called
Lauren Kelly: I was really thinking, this could possibly be like my next like my whole meeting. Um, but yeah, I just, it was, again, it was just like
Lauren Kelly: Just straight like I mean I think a couple of them were like 7075. You know what I mean, like they were so much older than me that it was like you know they've got 25 years under their belt of drinking like it's hard for me to
Lauren Kelly: To connect with someone when my active addiction was so recent. And it was with opioids and it was, you know, just so different.
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, I had kind of a hard time. Um, but yeah, I mean I've tried. I've done more in the last two weeks and I did a couple of minutes. The week before. So I've done more in the last two weeks and I had in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they've been so you know
Lauren Kelly: These every day and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're connected with care, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, find out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What groups are what meeting. She's going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And join the ones that you know somebody in
Lauren Kelly: That's actually a good idea. I didn't think I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Also Donna, you know, Donna in our group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah Donna's doing women for sobriety. So maybe you know come Monday when we're in group, you can ask her the same thing. What movie do you go to, because when I went to was it really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, one that I connected with, you know, and get get information and connect with one of your peers and go into one of these meetings with that they're going to be at. So, you at least have that connection.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: That's actually a really good idea. I like that. I don't know why I didn't think of that.
Lauren Kelly: Can I step away. I gotta blow my nose really quick NATO allies in front of you. It's bro started with
Lauren Kelly: Sorry about that. I had a phase in college where I did a lot of cocaine. So my nose has just never been the same. So it's like I almost like always sound like I have allergies and i mean i i can't smell that good stuff because I'm pretty
Lauren Kelly: Positive I did like irreparable damage to my nasal canals and all that. So I almost always sound that way like either friend after like
Lauren Kelly: The I had done Coke and like over five years and and she and I used to party together and and we had gone out for her birthday.
Lauren Kelly: She want to go the bars and like San Francisco, which really wasn't my scene and
Lauren Kelly: We had gone out and her boyfriend picked us up to their designated driver and I had a runny nose, and
Lauren Kelly: And after she was telling me, like, Yeah, you were just like, you like
Lauren Kelly: Your noses like sniffly and stuff, the whole way. And I'm sure that my boyfriend's just thinking the whole time that we had done Coke and bottle but I'm like oh my god, I can't even have like a runny nose, without somebody like thinking that's what it's from like my
Lauren Kelly: Allergies or whatever, like exists. I hadn't touched something like six years and it's like, so for the rest of my life is anytime. I've already knows. And that's going to be the instant assumption or whatever.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: But anyways, um, yeah. So, um, so yeah, so that's that's one thing but there's also, there's also. So there's a couple of things that were kind of
Lauren Kelly: Serious that I needed to talk to you about. So, um, one was, um, one of the things that I wanted to talk about that came up this last week is that I'm doing a whip it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so, um, so, you know, I found out about them through a buddy of mine, a long time ago.
Lauren Kelly: So not that long ago maybe like three years ago or whatever and
Lauren Kelly: The way it was explained to me. It's like this is the same thing that the gas that they give you when you get like a cab. People are when the child gets a copy, Poland, and it's just you know it's in this like this container thing.
Lauren Kelly: That you can make like whipped cream out of and you get these purchases and it's like this little 10 second. Hi. So I'm wondering when the whole thing was going on and I was you know how I was in like a really dark place. I was
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, basically just seeing like no value in life and every day just waking up trying to figure out how I was going to not hurt myself that day because that was all I can think of.
Lauren Kelly: And I wanted to use and I wanted to call my dealers and I mean like usually my go to
Lauren Kelly: Addict part of my head says go do some coke because the, the one thing that I liked when I used to do Coke was that
Lauren Kelly: It would better and better than even the pills. Did it would know my feelings like if I was going through a breakup.
Lauren Kelly: I'm still aware. It's not like it takes reality away and I don't know that that guy just cheated on me or that guy just beat the shit out of me, or any of the traumatic things that I've been through.
Lauren Kelly: But I know those are things they just don't bother me and they just don't in like Coke is always just had a way of doing that for me.
Lauren Kelly: In a way that like like pills are great for numbing you emotionally, but the Coke was even more powerful. So my brain always goes, You should do some that that's the one thing that will make you
Lauren Kelly: You know, not feel. And I'm like, No, that's going to take away my clean time and it takes me getting to a really dark place to actually start considering using opiates again because that's like the one thing that I'm like
Lauren Kelly: You know, that was my the worst spiral of my life. That was like like even when I used to do coke a lot if I say went to go visit my family for a couple weeks out of town.
Lauren Kelly: I was fine for the last couple weeks without Coke, you know, and I mean I had never experienced in addiction.
Lauren Kelly: Or anything close to it until like the opioids of waking up and your every waking moment is thought is, oh my gosh, how can I get these I'm going to be sick if I don't get them in the next couple hours like the control
Lauren Kelly: That that took my life was like something I never
Lauren Kelly: Experienced thought possible. Like, it still blows my mind that I even put that behind me and that I'm not using those, you know, and so, so I have to be in a really, really dark place even consider like
Lauren Kelly: You know, calling one of my old you know Norco dealers and going back there, but like during the whole politicking I was thinking
Lauren Kelly: And as much as, like, you know, I know those sobriety, things started for Paul and then it turned into being. For me, um,
Lauren Kelly: But again, when I was in that place of, like, Nobody fucking cares about me. Nobody cares if I'm dead or alive, like I don't even have this relationship, that was the one
Lauren Kelly: That was the driving force of me actually caring about my future of actually being excited about my future for the first time.
Lauren Kelly: Possibly ever if not isn't like 1520 years. And so now that that's gone. I have no one to be accountable to I have nobody that gives a shit like
Lauren Kelly: Who would fucking care if I just went and and again my tolerance is so low. Now, I wouldn't have to go spend $300 a day. I could spend 50 bucks and get high as hell. You know what I mean. And so
Lauren Kelly: What, how much would that really hurt if I, you know, got 10 pills and took five today and five tomorrow. You know what I mean. And, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I could probably stop right there and whatever. And so you'd be honest, like I was even I got to a place where at first. I would just think about how you should call your coke dealer and I talked myself out of that every day.
Lauren Kelly: And then it was every when I would get to the really dark places. It was like, fuck it. You should just go get some posts. But again, I talked myself out of that.
Lauren Kelly: But the one thing that I did do was I did some with it so
Lauren Kelly: I start because it in some way. Like I just feel all this just pressure and anxiety and when I would do that, it would just kind of take that off, you know, and it's like a five to 10 second high. You know what I mean. But that was my one thing that I did, I did because, in my mind, I'm not
Lauren Kelly: You know, starting something I'm not taking the pills or not, you know, it's, again, this is something they give children when they have a cavity. You know what I mean, like, I just didn't
Lauren Kelly: See it as, um, and maybe that's just an addict justifying using or whatever. But in my mind.
Lauren Kelly: Again, like I'm wanting and when I got clean, I would look back at like the root of why I was using
Lauren Kelly: This isn't an excuse. But I honestly think I use so heavily for so many years to not want to kill myself like there was just so many times that I was in such a dark place.
Lauren Kelly: That I just wanted to die that like knowing I could get high for those few hours when I took my 13 Oreos, or whatever it was, like, the highlight of my day. It was being I looked forward to it. Was that relief that I would feel
Lauren Kelly: For it. You know, and then I wouldn't, I would do it. I would be like, Wow, this is all I get I just worked my ass off all day.
Lauren Kelly: To make that $300 and I get to feel good for like an hour, like, and what is this really worth you know they mean like this could be a car payment on a BMW or something, you know, an immunity, but instead
Lauren Kelly: I'm just consuming this pill difficult good for it or these you know handfuls of pills.
Lauren Kelly: To feel good for, you know, an hour or two. It's so not worth it in the grand scheme of things, but at least I had that relief and nothing to look forward to. And so what like this, this just in a way like it just took off that
Lauren Kelly: It just got my head out of the I can't eat. I can't save I fucking want to die. I don't care. Nobody cares about me. I don't
Lauren Kelly: Care about me. None of this is lucky matters anymore like nobody would care if I even used again there's nobody that's even in my life like
Lauren Kelly: It just doesn't fucking matter. And so that was like my one outlet to feel like I wasn't calling the dealer and going back and using their relatively cheap, you know, so I wasn't spending.
Lauren Kelly: A lot of money, it was just this way of just taking that pressure off for a little bit and and not um
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, not thinking about hurting myself for that, you know, our that I had a box of them, and we do you know what I mean. And so I had done that, when Paul was gone, um, you know, pretty often. You know, few times a week.
Lauren Kelly: So then Paul comes back. And as you know, like the last time we talked. I was saying how, like, you know, I think we're really happy and stuff when he first got back, but then
Lauren Kelly: I had started getting like really emotional about stuff and kind of getting overly sensitive about things. And when you and I talked to, you know, the
Lauren Kelly: last appointment. You're saying like yeah of course you're not over yet. It's only been like three weeks and you're still dealing with this, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And it's almost like I'm trying to pull myself out like I'm passing or whatever. When like my subconscious or my body or whatever is telling me like no you're not clicking over this and you're not past it.
Lauren Kelly: And so I was still basically using the leader with him back. And there's a couple times that like
Lauren Kelly: I you know did him right in front of him where we'd be watching TV and I pull it out and do it right in front of them and
Lauren Kelly: And I even like had him try before just so he knew like it you know wasn't a big deal was like, you know, do the line of code can be enough for a full day or something. It's this five second thing, or whatever. And so it wasn't that big of a deal.
Lauren Kelly: In my mind, um, so then after that it got to the point where, like, I knew that he knew I was doing it I, you know, did it in front of him, whatever. But Paul is somebody that has zero
Lauren Kelly: Grasp on like the drug world and just like you know
Lauren Kelly: The differences in drugs. It was the same way with like my Mormon parents right up like they found read in my room and time and they tried to check me into like a live in rehab facility and the place basically like laughed them away and was like,
Lauren Kelly: You have a perfectly normal 17 year old daughter. So what you found a joint in her room. She's not a heroin addict shooting up like we can't check her into a living facility. You know what I
Lauren Kelly: Mean, so it's hard for me when somebody doesn't have that reference of like the difference between like heroin and, you know, or whatever. So
Lauren Kelly: I've kind of felt that way with Paul like when I when we first started dating and I would kind of want to open up to him about like
Lauren Kelly: You know, the fact that I was using whenever I would bring up anything about drug addiction, he would just say, Oh, those are just weak people that don't know how to code and whatever. And, and so it was really hard for me to like explain to someone that just has like zero
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: College on that world.
Lauren Kelly: And, you know, Tim. It's just weak people doing week stuff and you know life is life. You've got to be okay with being sad every now and then and whatever. And like
Lauren Kelly: Not knowing like the crushing depression of just wanting to fucking end at every moment of the day. And this is almost like the one thing keeping you from doing so. What's worse.
Lauren Kelly: I use and do a couple Norco so I fucking kill myself. What's worse, you know, and in my mind I justified the using was was not as bad you know and and so
Lauren Kelly: So knowing that he had he knew I was doing them you're in there is one thing, but like
Lauren Kelly: For him to see like in a box. There's like 50 of them for him to see that I did the whole box. You know, it's like I i do like to him. That would be a bigger deal than what it was in mind.
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean, like, that's still what I did 50 of them. They're the five to 10 second hi each it's
Lauren Kelly: That's a couple hours or something, but to him to see like the visual of that box, you know, empty, you know, I thought, you know, he would judge me. And he would, whatever. So I ended up
Lauren Kelly: Being, you know, kind of sneaky and deceptive and in my mind. Like I never lied and said, I, I, you know, I didn't do these there anything but like I would go in the bath.
Lauren Kelly: And I would turn on the water. And I said, makes noise when you do it, you know, so I'd go in the bathroom and I turn on the water, and I do, you know, or
Lauren Kelly: Step out of the room and you know like make you know maybe start the dryer or something you know and do it or whatever. Well, I'm Friday, we had a conversation
Lauren Kelly: Where I had said for me because
Lauren Kelly: Ever since he's been Matt.
Lauren Kelly: He's had like two bags of things here. You know, like a few T shirts like is shower stuff, whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: And originally the conversation was like when I let him come back home, bring everything here within three hours just going to change his mail, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So I kind of confronted him on that on Friday and was like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: We kind of need either shit or get off the pot like are you going to move back in or not because I'm at this point in my life where you know I'm 36 years old, I think, you know, the more and more
Lauren Kelly: The time I've had the more I realized that like I do want to get married, I do want to possibly even try to have a baby. One day, like if that's even an option. I don't want to just like
Lauren Kelly: Be your midlife crisis fun time girlfriend that you come and play house with for a while and you know, for all I know, you go back in six months, or however long and
Lauren Kelly: Like we're either doing this, or we're not and if we're not doing it. Like, that's fine. If that's the decision. You want to make them, that's fine. But I don't want to waste any more time doing this. You know what I mean, it's like
Lauren Kelly: You're not going to be 100% in and they said, Is there anything holding you back from like
Lauren Kelly: You know, changing your, your address, you know, telling the Friends of him all the things that these promises that you made to me when you were, you know,
Lauren Kelly: They again to come back and saying you do anything. And he said, Well, is there something you need to tell me. And I'm like, no, what he goes the whippets. And basically he tells me how he's known all like this.
Lauren Kelly: These times that I thought I was hiding it and stuff. And that, you know, I was going in the bathroom and turn the water on that he has heard it every time that he's known that it's gotten a little out of control or a lot out of control.
Lauren Kelly: That you know he's seen and again like anytime that I would get them.
Lauren Kelly: I would use our credit card that we have. So like I, in my mind, I wasn't hiding it because he has visible. I know he's like super big on money and all that. So I know he checks that credit card statement every day. So my mind. He knew I was buying them you know how
Lauren Kelly: He, you know, several times. I've done them in front of him.
Lauren Kelly: But I just didn't sit there and do every single one in front of him, because in my mind he's he's not going to have the right frame of reference to know this is just some little thing and
Lauren Kelly: You know, visually, it probably looks worse than it is when you see a whole empty box or whatever to empty boxes or whatever over a weekend.
Lauren Kelly: So, so, yeah. Looking back, you know, and again at the time I'm using know so I'm not thinking, you know, the most clearly so in my
Lauren Kelly: BIG OF A DEAL. I didn't think I'm you know I'm not using I'm not hurting myself and and I think just, again, the started when he was gone, and it was basically
Lauren Kelly: I'm either gonna fucking hurt myself today, or I'm going to just take this fucking crushing pressure off of my head for a minute. You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: And and so then when he came back, I would like to think like I remember thinking to myself,
Lauren Kelly: You know, when he left because I just quit smoking cigarettes and then when he left. I was like, I don't fucking carry war and they started smoking again. And I remember like
Lauren Kelly: One of the times I was praying to God telling God like I swear to god it if he comes back. I'll never use again I'll never smoke another cigarette again like
Lauren Kelly: I got so much joy from my relationship with him. Like, I can't believe I ever did use when I was with me. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: I get and and that I would never use it. And so I would love to see like the day he came back I put down those whippets and I never used them again. But I think there was still just so much
Lauren Kelly: hurt and pain there and so much fear of like is going to leave again and whatever that I still
Lauren Kelly: was leaning on that, you know, and, and, and there's so so then he calls out basically the reason he hasn't moved everything package and has it and all that is because
Lauren Kelly: Of this deceptive behavior of me, you know, if it wasn't that big of a deal. Why didn't I just do them all in front of him. Why didn't I, you know, in his mind. I should have
Lauren Kelly: When I bought them come home and told him, hey, just, you know, I bought these two boxes.
Lauren Kelly: And my mind it's on the credit card statement. I know you see the store. You know, when there's only one thing I buy at that store you know and and you know so in my mind. I thought
Lauren Kelly: I was giving them the visibility into it. I never, never once did. I like go to that store lie to them and say, Hey, I didn't go to that store or anything like that.
Lauren Kelly: But where I was sneaky are deceptive was, you know, going into the bathroom turning on the water, you know, doing things like that which which at the time I didn't see as that big of a deal, but obviously when he's telling me this and I see
Lauren Kelly: The hurt in the person. I love the eyes, you know, feeling any and, you know, of course, he says, you know, you know, one of our biggest or if not our biggest issue has been trusted rebuilding our trust. So what it makes me think is
Lauren Kelly: You know, what is she, what else is she not telling me, and so on that day on that Friday.
Lauren Kelly: When all this came up, he every day when he goes to the gamble house. He'll call me on his way home, just to say, hey, do you need like a Starbucks, you need at the grocery store.
Lauren Kelly: And so, you know, usually say, I've been using. You say he'd been gone all day over there.
Lauren Kelly: And I've been using them to if I'm being 100% honest with you that I would go and grab the bag of them and throw them away. You know, and I mean so that way. He didn't see the empty box or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: Well that Friday. She didn't do that. He just walked right in which I mean he lives here. He's got a key like there's
Lauren Kelly: I've never told him he can just walk right in, you know, like he has every right to do that.
Lauren Kelly: He told me later. Like I did that because I knew what I was going to walk in on. I knew that if I didn't call you. I was going to see that canister out that box out what she did, you know, he got it.
Lauren Kelly: He walked into surprise me the cancer was right out on the bed and the box was out, I was in the kitchen like
Lauren Kelly: Looking something or whatever. But it was out, and I was using them. He was totally right. And he said, You know, I, and he said, I
Lauren Kelly: I don't want to have those thoughts in my head of let me go and catch her, you know. And I mean, and he was like, you know, I knew that was going to happen that way and it did you know and and and I told him I'm like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: To be honest, and I'm not trying to like put my behavior on him. But I'm like, if you would have told me at any time.
Lauren Kelly: Hey, I know like what you're doing and I don't like it. I would have stopped it. I would have stopped it that day but like
Lauren Kelly: Why didn't you tell me you were having a problem with this and that, you know, like that you thought it was over, you know, indulging or whatever. And, um,
Lauren Kelly: And he was like, I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt or like I wanted you to fix it on your own or something. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: I get that. But one of the nice things about relationships is like having checks and balances and I've been like see one alone for so long in my life where nobody cared. If I use 30 or 40 Narcos day or whatever that like
Lauren Kelly: It. I think one of the things about our relationship is it say somebody
Lauren Kelly: Somebody is doing something you don't like you tell them, hey, I don't like this behavior. And there's two choices that person has. They can either basically give you a big Fuck you. And Colin continue that behavior.
Lauren Kelly: Or they can be like oh my god I love and respect this person. I'm going to stop this and I'm going to make this effort and
Lauren Kelly: In every relationship. I've ever had. Where they were either. I literally every relationship. I've ever had up until this one has been abusive in some way. It's either been verbally, emotionally, physically, sexually um
Lauren Kelly: I have never had a an abusive relationship in my entire life. Um, and so when I would go to my partners like I, for instance I dated a guy Jason for several years. Who was this huge alcoholic, you get so drunk.
Lauren Kelly: He would start drinking up five and he would drink these drinks. That would be like 90% vodka 10% orange juice. He would be blacked out by, like, eight o'clock, and he would say the most
Lauren Kelly: Horrible foul awful things to me and and in the morning because he didn't remember them. He would be like Hey babe want pancakes or whatever. And I was like, oh my god.
Lauren Kelly: You told me I was a piece of shit. Last night, you said, these were and he would be like, oh, I don't remember that. And he wanted just get past it.
Lauren Kelly: And so what I would tell them, like, I need you to like turn back the drinking a little bit like you're you're horrible to me. Your this and then to see him not make any effort on that and just
Lauren Kelly: You know place for just continuing to drink and do it if not more. That's been my experience, when I've come to a person in a relationship and said, hey, this is what I need from you.
Lauren Kelly: Please, just show me a little bit of effort and never once was. I like quit drinking today and never have another drink. But maybe just turn it back to where you're not treating your girlfriend like shit and
Lauren Kelly: verbally and physically abusing me when you do you know and and and the, the overwhelming response. I've always gotten in those relationships is
Lauren Kelly: Out of those two responses of oh my god I'm hurting. This person. I love. I'm going to make some effort.
Lauren Kelly: Or fuck you I'm going to keep doing whatever I want. I've always gotten the fuck you I'm going to keep doing whatever I want response. So, you know, since I've been clean. I definitely feel like I
Lauren Kelly: You know, in the past, like when I ran or when I was dishonest. In the past, then we really dove into that in therapy and and you gave me a lot of tools and I really fix those behaviors. So
Lauren Kelly: I was telling him in this conversation. Like, I think my track record since I've been clean has proven that anytime that that you've had an issue with something rightfully so.
Lauren Kelly: And we've talked about it. I've done everything in my power to deal with it in a healthy way. You know, and to go to Rebecca and and to ask for extra time with her or extra sessions that week or or do whatever it took
Lauren Kelly: Till I could get that issue under control and I've never ran again like for you know i i when i was like dishonest about going to the ER that one time like that.
Lauren Kelly: Things like that never happened to get, you know, because I address the issue and I did it in a healthy way. I
Lauren Kelly: Quit to, you know, a good place you to deal with it and talk about it and get the right tools and and learn a better way to cope and when I got stressed and started spiraling
Lauren Kelly: Instead of just getting lost in that I go take the dog for a walk or go to something healthy or a journal or I, you know what I mean, I would do the things that I've learned in therapy and
Lauren Kelly: In and handle these things in a healthy way. So it to me. I'm like, why didn't you give me the chance to like it'll tell me, hey, I don't like this and see how I behave. Because I guarantee you would have
Lauren Kelly: Seen that it starts that fucking day and and that that did not happen again. And in his mind.
Lauren Kelly: Instead of saying a word to me. I guess just wanted me to fix it on my own. And he kept saying, I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt. I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt. But I'm like, but you knew I was using these. I'm sorry. My dog is barking.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, really quick.
Lauren Kelly: She needs to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: There you go.
Lauren Kelly: She has a pizza hoping she'll go. I'm sorry, I'm just like, super focused on making sure she's okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. It's good. I'm glad.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but I'm just trying to like make her as comfortable. I'm just giving her as many treats you know i just does one thing he and I talked about yesterday because again I woke up like this bawling my eyes out before group over her and
Lauren Kelly: And we had this conversation about, like, you know, screw TV screen like anything chores, anything that needs to be done. Like I just need to spend time with her. You know what I mean. So that's just
Lauren Kelly: A number one focus, but, um, anyways. Um, so, um, so back to what we were saying. Um, so yeah, in my mind, I'm like, I wish as my partner. You could have told me. Hey babe, I don't like this and seeing how I reacted because I i
Lauren Kelly: Not like I would have surprised you because this has been my behavior. Whenever you we've talked about something that's been an issue.
Lauren Kelly: I've done everything I could to deal with it in the right way, you know, by going to you by by taking the tools and the things we've talked about and actually applying them to my life and
Lauren Kelly: And making the right decisions going forward. And so when I would have those
Lauren Kelly: Feelings to just run Lori run the only way you're not going to get hurt even worse than you're already hurt right now is just running it out of your butt to sit in those feelings and to deal with it and
Lauren Kelly: And wait and see what happens. And to not make the catastrophic decision of, oh my god, everything's over whatever before that happens and and you know and and that's the way that I've
Lauren Kelly: Dealt with our issues. Ever since I've been clean, you know, and I think that's been really healthy. It's been really productive. It's been really successful
Lauren Kelly: So I wish instead of letting this go on for two weeks and having this all this resentment or two or three weeks and having all this resentment build up.
Lauren Kelly: I wish you could have just told me, day one. Hey, I don't, I don't like this and and I think you need to stop and you would see me but you stopped dead in my tracks because
Lauren Kelly: When this conversation happened on Friday. That's what I did. I still had like half of boxers. I had the canvas for thing that's like $80 and I throw them away and was like, I
Lauren Kelly: Took them out to the big dumpster outside and I haven't done it against sentence, you know, because
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I would love to say I I noticed I was using them too much and that I was leaning on that and I should have stopped. And I guess that's what he was waiting for
Lauren Kelly: But again, I'm in a headache. Like, it's hard for me to have that like I don't know self awareness or something like and and I think just with all the pain and everything that had happened with him leaving and then coming back and all the insurance.
Lauren Kelly: And just, again, all this just pressure and
Lauren Kelly: Anxiety, I feel in my head at every second of every fucking day that like he's never experienced his life and just wanting to not feel that per second but
Lauren Kelly: But refusing to go back to using Pope to know myself or
Lauren Kelly: Or getting back on opioids and knowing how quickly that's going to spiral out of control before. What's it going to be a few weeks, who are impacted 30 pills a day. You know what I mean. And then my addictions running my life again. Like, I know that. I know.
Lauren Kelly: One pill equals 30 pills a day in a couple weeks. I know that, you know, and so this was like my one little outlet to where I felt like I wasn't using to get, you know, I wasn't
Lauren Kelly: Getting waste blacked out wasted every night or anything like it was just
Lauren Kelly: You know 10 second thing that I'm not going to a dealer to I'm not emptying out my bank account to do. I'm not running around hustling doing degrading things to get the money you know like none of those behaviors.
Lauren Kelly: But there was the, you know, again, if I remember hearing the same of like don't sneak if you're sneaking in your life with anything, then you shouldn't be doing it, you know, and so
Lauren Kelly: I wish that my brain works in the way of saying, Why am I going into the bathroom. To do this, if I'm not proud to do this in front of Paul. Should I self evaluate and say, hey, maybe you shouldn't be in that behavior at all.
Lauren Kelly: If you're saying
Lauren Kelly: And their shame and their skills involved in that maybe this isn't healthy for you. Maybe this isn't helping you maybe this isn't good for your, your relationship and and here we're in this like
Lauren Kelly: Delicate place of doing everything we can to rebuild this relationship. And then I'm basically shooting all over that by now, making him think
Lauren Kelly: You know, and then the conversation was like, you know, I just think you still need you still need a lot of work and like you said, I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Agreed. Like, I've never said I haven't needed a lot of work and that you know I I still am. I just reached my five months. I am not and i in no way, shape, or form. And, you know, perfect or have solved every one of my
Lauren Kelly: Shit, sorry, are you there. Yeah, I accidentally. I went to go get her from the door and actually push button.
Lauren Kelly: But, um, oh, good. She peed. That's good. Okay, so I'm good job really good job.
Lauren Kelly: Oh my other one gets jealous. Every time I
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: But um yeah I think so. Here we're in this very delicate place where like, you know, originally. He was trying so hard and doing everything and then it made him take a step back, of like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Wow is Lori still an addict is she's still in and he's like you know my worry is that your brains. So goes to wanting to use and whatever. And I'm like, wow, I would love to say that that's all gone. But like
Lauren Kelly: That for all I know, can be there forever. You know that thought process. And I'd like to be the person who
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that thought goes into my head and I push it right out and I go on a job or whatever. But in this instance, I wasn't that person in this instance, I
Lauren Kelly: I went to, you know what was going to make me feel better and and again in my brain. Every time I bought them. I use the card. So he saw I did in front of him a bunch of times. I just didn't do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every single
Lauren Kelly: You know, because in my brain, he doesn't understand what you know it's like my parents all over again that find the joy in my room and they think I'm a heroin addict shooting up under a bridge, you know, 20 times a day and they don't know the difference.
Lauren Kelly: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to know what I hear.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Justification and minimization.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that's what he said to me, he said, you're getting too caught up on the width of thing and how like little that is like your what I'm worried about is this sneaky deceptive behavior.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is addicts behavior.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't matter whether it is heroin. Doesn't matter if it's math doesn't matter if it's cocaine. Doesn't matter if it's whippets
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the thing is is that anything that's mood altering that takes you out of how you feel in the moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. Is your attic thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's okay because at least I'm not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's okay because at least I'm not well I'm only doing this because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's taking a look at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thought process your addiction is always going to be in your brain. And if you're feeding your recovery and you're doing everything 100% towards your recovery when those thoughts come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to pick up the phone, call somebody you're going to be able to get into a meeting and voice, what you're going through. Instead of reverting to finding something else to get you out of how you're feeling in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that that that is a piece of it and it will take you back, it will it will tell you that it's okay to do with it. It's okay to do these things, you know, anything not to go through and feel the feelings that you must walk through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that. And with that comes that sneaky behavior. Yeah, we don't even realize we're doing it until
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, until it comes it until it's like, thrown in your face. And that's why I was saying like, and I made sure to stop several times and say I'm not putting this on you. I'm the one who had the deceptive behavior. I'm the one who is speaking
Lauren Kelly: And I have to own that. But I really wish day one. You could have said, Hey, babe. I've noticed this, and I don't like it because
Lauren Kelly: Again, the second we had this conversation I through that step away and I haven't done it since. And I know that I won't do it since.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not, I'm not trying to say I don't want this to sound like I'm like, Well, why didn't you tell me sooner because then this would have been an issue but
Lauren Kelly: But I wish that there hadn't been the two to three weeks of resentment building up and him question things when he would have seen like in every other relationship. I've ever had. I begged people to
Lauren Kelly: Tone down there drinking to stop hitting me to to stop telling me what it is that I'm a piece of shit because they don't get what they want out of me at the moment to
Lauren Kelly: Try to just care about my feelings for one second and all I've gotten in return as fuck you I'm going to do what I want and zero change and not the I never asked for perfection or or complete change overnight. I just asked for the tiniest
Lauren Kelly: tiniest bit of effort and I've never gotten that and return and and
Lauren Kelly: And my track record shows that when things like that come up I step up to the plate and I do I make it right. And I do what's right and so I, I just wish like day one, that have, you know, brought it seemed that I would have stopped right then in my tracks, you know, and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a piece of it.
Lauren Kelly: Out a relationship is
Lauren Kelly: Like right and balances.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Slow down, because here's the thing. This is Paul has no responsibility in this whatsoever he has no responsibility. This is your recovery. This is your path that you're walking on not his and you know you can't expect him. You can ask him of that for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you see me, you know, engaging in any kind of behavior that is is unhealthy for myself in my recovery, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talk to me about it, tell me that you see this. There's nothing wrong with that. But when you, but when you when you have the mindset that if you would have told me I would have stopped, then that's giving him too much power.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not owning your own power that's not owning your own behaviors. That's not owning it. It's saying, I would have stopped. If you would have done this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The, the reality of it is, is that we are responsible for ourselves, our thoughts and our behaviors we can't control anybody else's and nobody else can control ours. And if we're thoroughly working on our recovery 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: whippets would have never came in, into the play, that's the thing. Even after he came back. It's about diving in and saying, why is it that even after he came back. Did I still feel the need to get out of my feelings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, because it's not about it and it goes right back to your recovery has to be for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to. This is an inside job, Lauren. This is an announcer job. There's nothing out there nothing out there that's going to change that mindset and going to change those you know what happens when you're deep in your addiction. You're the only one that can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So owning your own power and taking back your responsibility and this is saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I did do it and yeah I didn't realize that, you know, I was doing it to the extent and yeah it is addictive behavior. And, you know, yeah, I would like to that you help me with accountability. There's nothing wrong with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. But when we hyper focus on the fact that if he would have done that I would have done that. That does you no good because the end result is is that you said that when he if he would come back then. These things were changed, right.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they did it. You kept doing it. That's the addictive cycle. It is insanity. What do you think about doing the same thing over and over again. You same results. The meaning of insanity. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime that we veer towards any mind altering substances such as weed, such as heroin co any of them that we know that we've had an issue with it takes us out of processing healing and getting on with life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that. So this is a bad
Lauren Kelly: Thing I think I naive Lee thought that when when I said those promise you know like
Lauren Kelly: When I was praying and saying, if he came back, I would never pick up another cigarette. Again, I would never use again, I would never do any of this stuff. I think I was really naive and they didn't like him coming back with
Lauren Kelly: Make my heart whole again it because it didn't. I still don't feel the same that I did. I still
Lauren Kelly: Have this thing in the back of my head that tells me that the relationship isn't as solid as I used to believe it was that that the relationship isn't as significant as I think it was that
Lauren Kelly: And especially him having his two bags with this couple T shirts here. It's almost a daily reminder of how easy it's going to be this time for him to pick up and leave again because now he doesn't have to
Lauren Kelly: You know, move the whole workout bench and wait. He had his boxes and boxes and things like he had to before make several chips.
Lauren Kelly: Now it's a matter of picking up a backpack in a bag and being out of here. You know what you mean. So it's like it's just this daily reminder of like that it's temporary and to me it feels like he doesn't want you know
Lauren Kelly: I don't know it. And so I think I naively thought that like I didn't realize how much fear and insecurity would still be there with him back. You know, I didn't realize
Lauren Kelly: That there was still going to be a lot of pain and and just
Lauren Kelly: Almost more fear with him here than with him gone, you know, because now I know my heart's back into this thing again and
Lauren Kelly: And and now I you know I know what it's like to be so devastated like that and and and then and then to see
Lauren Kelly: Him treat a temporary which, you know, maybe it was is nothing more than a response to my behavior or maybe maybe that would happen. Anyways me maybe if even if I had never picked up a with it, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what you don't know. We
Lauren Kelly: Yeah I don't know him, or maybe that's 100% because of my behavior. And if I hadn't acted that way, he would have wanted to dive back into this thing and and that really sucks that I don't know if this is all my fault that that's what it is. But for me, there's just still
Lauren Kelly: Just so much fear and and I don't think I for one second understood or just got it or was able to recognize that like him coming back wasn't going to make my heart whole again, if anything, I haven't been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More, more.
Lauren Kelly: To do with him coming back then I did without it coming.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, and that this is making me really like, dive into my insecurities and my fears, even more than it was you know and and I just don't want to say like, I still don't trust him. But like
Lauren Kelly: I just looked at him in the relationship, a little differently now it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are this
Lauren Kelly: Thing. Yeah, there's this this like defense mechanism me that's like, you know, he's that tells me and and you know I always have like the good voices and that was resisting to scream and the good voices you to whisper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it has. You're not feeding the good voices as much as what you should be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's part of the issue. You've got to feed. You've got to feed it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or it's going to wither away. And what's going to prevail is what's always prevailed and you have to remember that that has been your way of thinking for a long time so it's easy to stay on that path and what it is to say, wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why am I thinking so negative pull back the fear of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And bring yourself back into today. Today, this is what's happening in my life today, everything is fine. In my world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's peaceful. We're getting along. We're good. You have to do this one day at a time. I know that's hard a hard concept. But when you when you find yourself sitting in the fear, you have to dive in Word.
Lauren Kelly: I get. But then I yeah okay we had dinner today and it was great. And we got along today and we had sex today or whatever things are good.
Lauren Kelly: But then you see the two bags and it reminds you how temporary this whole thing is in. It's hard to not say that's a really loud message you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is what you need to tell them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of going to the bathroom and trying to get out of how you're feeling and the insecurities that you're feeling, you need to tell him you need to communicate those things. If you're in it 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need you to do these things. I can't feel secure with us. If you don't do these things that you said you're going to do what on my part, can I do to help this process or to make you feel more secure in our relationship. You know what I mean. And that's really how to come at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when you're in that addictive thinking this is only temporary. He's leaving. Anyway, all of those insecure fear based thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you have to. Which brings up all the other crap. Which brings up all of the low self esteem and and all of that crap that
Lauren Kelly: Vicious and all that. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my God, it just does this you do this whole spiral all the way down. And what, what happens is then you create the situation to make it happen.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not, not purposely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely not purposely but one thing about people that suffer from addiction is that we are great at sabotage.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally great and getting out of that mindset when you have those thoughts, Lauren, that that you know those beginning thoughts that bring you back right back to that spiral.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you've been in for so long. You've got to put stop signs, you've got to put roadblocks in place. You've got to know to pick up the phone, you've got to know to get into a dang meeting. You got to know that there are things to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get you out of that mindset. But you have to be willing to acknowledge it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do something different. I don't want to go down that I don't want to go down that road. I don't want to. You know what I mean, and really work on positive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thoughts positive mindsets and when we feel out of control when we feel our world around us that we have no control in it. It makes us feel chaotic inside
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's a way to live.
Lauren Kelly: Like I've never had control of this, it's all, it's been this revolving door. It's been a I just, there's this part of me that feels like he just still doesn't know anyone, and then the two bags here, remind me of that daily that
Lauren Kelly: His stuff still over there for a reason that that he's this man has ever known what he wanted, hence the four or five times going back and forth. You know what I mean. And that
Lauren Kelly: That even after telling me when he came up this time he now knows more clearly.
Lauren Kelly: Than he's ever known that we're going to end up together. And for the first couple weeks he would just walk in the room and say,
Lauren Kelly: If you know we're going to get married one day you know we are, and as tasted light up, you know, and you can say it and like it all just shirt. He
Lauren Kelly: But then I see the two bags, you know, and I can't help it just told myself that tells me everything I need to know, you know, and then that hurts so bad that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You, you have to communicate that to him. You have to tell them, Listen, I hear what you're telling me, and you're giving me all this hope. But those two bags over there are showing me something different. So those two have to get lined up. How can we, you know, how can we make that happen.
Lauren Kelly: And so why did I run to do this instead of doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, easily because you have an addictive brain. And it's so easy to go revert right back and to find something to take you out of how you feel right now it's it's a it's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: comfortable place to be. But I can tell you
Lauren Kelly: Forever.
Lauren Kelly: Like am I just because how can I, how can I be a healthy person ever for myself or for anyone else in a relationship. If this is what I'm going to do every time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you have to focus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Inward, you have to quit focusing outward. You have to focus inward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about changing your thought process. It's about changing your behaviors that go with it. And it's about identifying those feelings when you're feeling insecure and you're feeling hurt and you are unsure, to be able to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm feeling this and we are women are ready or emotional we respond react with our emotions. Men don't do that and
Lauren Kelly: I'm extra sensitive. I've always been, you know, so I'm that will men times 10 you know emotions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that. And it's about getting out of it's about learning how to get your mindset out of the emotional mind out of the hardcore shut off mind and finding that even balance and saying, you know what I really feel insecure with your bad sitting there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really do it really is bothering me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These things that you said that you were going to do when you first got back, you haven't done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How can we make that happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it going to happen. I need to know, because I do not feel secure where I'm at.
Lauren Kelly: I was so weak to do that. Like, I don't get why does that like why why could I have done that. That sounds too easy like the way they use it. Like, why couldn't I have just sat him down and said that, why, why does that them through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you were
Lauren Kelly: Bathroom and escape this like and that's what he said. He said, The two things as from the most is is when this began deceptive behavior into that my thought process. So it goes to I need to escape this and that's what scares him, you know, and rightfully so, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And rightfully so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But here's the thing, again, you start focusing inward don't don't pick up your books as a second alternative. If you have nothing to do. It's something that you have to implement in your everyday life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to put your recovery. First, you and I have talked about this, and I know that it's hard because it's easy to get lost in the relationship. It's easy to get lost in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In Paul, but you have to put this recovery first because what happens is when you put you first. You put your recovery first everything else benefits, everything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to make sure that your recovery is number one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to start addressing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those negative thought processes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to change them. That's why I tell you about, you know, women and women for sobriety. For me, it's about the affirmations the affirmation page reading that every morning reading that before you go to go to bed every night, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Really like that when we read through that stuff. I think it was a couple
Lauren Kelly: Minutes ago that we had there was a lot of stuff that was super true to like me and in my life and and the low self esteem stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get it because it's there. It's free. It's on the website. You can download it on your computer you can download it on your phone. You read it to yourself every day and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eventually you'll get to a point where you feel empowered over it, but in not doing it not pushing forward, not trying to change. You know that mindset, not trying to change, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those feelings process through those feelings. That's what changes the behavior that's what allows us control over our disease.
Lauren Kelly: It just
Lauren Kelly: Sometimes those fall flat on me because I feel so so polar opposite of the way you know things that stayed these positive things you don't want it.
Lauren Kelly: I'm everybody does. I
Lauren Kelly: Buy happiness and everything in my head is saying no. You're a horrible fucking human being, anyone who has ever been to you treated like shit used and manipulated while you were in attic. You don't deserve the opiates. You've been good for five months you
Lauren Kelly: You collect people over for eight years, like you're a bad person. You don't desert.
Lauren Kelly: So it just feels like I'm like lying to myself, and it just kind of
First I will
Lauren Kelly: Contradicted what those sentences.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is another reason why I really truly believe that you need em, Dr. To you need trauma therapy in order to get those messages that you learned when you were a kid out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And start processing through it. But this is a start on how we do it. We don't feel good about ourselves in the beginning, we don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We feel self loading. We're not worth life. We're not worth anything but the more that you practice self care. The more that you implement this in your daily life. Eventually, you start feeling what you're reading
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just takes time. You've got to be consistent with it. You've got to be consistent with getting up in the morning reading daily affirmations putting these positive thoughts into your head acting as if every day you have to feed it feed it feed it
Lauren Kelly: To me it feels like I'm telling myself a lie, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now it does. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now it does, but you'll get to a point where you'll feel and you'll know that it's true because it's true. It's true everything that's on there. It is 100% true. It takes time and it takes repetition.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To start believing in yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to understand that that that's. This is a process. This isn't you know okay well I quit using and everything's better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not like that. It's like you've got to feed your life has been full of negative negative thought process. You've been told us negative messenger whole life, it's going to take more than five months of feeding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Positivity before you start feeling it before you start speaking it before you start acting it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to give yourself time you have to, you've got to focus inward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you start feeling crappy acceptance is the key to all our problems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you read that would
Lauren Kelly: Have I read written
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The acceptance statement.
Lauren Kelly: Is and that's why women for sobriety thing or that's a anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's an NA and a thing that I have it. Let me. I'm going to read it to you because it was so freakin true. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, let me find it and this is what you got to make sure that you you know keep in the forefront every head to be a good idea for you to download that and read that to yourself to
Lauren Kelly: Say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and hold on, because I just had it out the other day. It was funny because somebody came in a group and they had it as their background and I thought it was awesome, because it's exactly what somebody else needed to needed to read
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's about, hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I have it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm going to read it to you. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Acceptance is the answers. The answer to all my problems today when I am disturb it's because I find some place some person, place,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing or situation, some fact of my life unacceptable to me and I can find know serenity until we accept that person, place, or thing or situation as being exactly the way it's supposed to be at that moment. Nothing, absolutely nothing happens in God's world by mistake.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really except
Lauren Kelly: How is how is me being jobless unable to take care of myself at untrustworthy, because I'm the sneaky behavior. How's that so close. Me being so what exactly what I'm supposed to be right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me finish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing, absolutely nothing happens in God's world by mistake. Until I accept myself my situation and my life completely on life's terms, I cannot be happy. I need to concentrate, not so much on what happens in the world as on what needs to change in me and in my attitudes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about taking a look at the things in your life that you need to change and saying, All right, I need to start doing this work, I need to start working on bettering myself, becoming the person that I am meant to become to be that person I know. I want to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what it's about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the very first step acceptance is the key to all of our issues and acceptance is one of the hardest things to to finally believe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to get a job. You're going to do these things you're gonna go to these meetings, you've got to put recovery, first you start working on those things, little by little, and the brain. Set the mindset starts changing
Lauren Kelly: But I can accept that person that has
Lauren Kelly: been robbed that person who's 100% honest in my relationships when I can't accept this, this person today.
Lauren Kelly: That I hate so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I don't move forward on
Lauren Kelly: Stop Hating but I still hate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This person because they haven't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Done the work you haven't done the work you stop working on yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your focus becomes your relationship and Paul, it doesn't become Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get so intertwined and mixed up in that that you forget about you and that's where your disease comes right up and starts giving you a feel to you all that negativity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's why you want to get out of how you feel today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to be willing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To put yourself out there. You have to be willing to focus on your recovery. You have to be willing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To follow simple guidelines on what needs to be done in order for you to get to that next that next phase and start developing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you've never had it. You've never had that self esteem, you never have had that that self, you know, love, you've never had that. And in order for everything to start coming around and things to start changing in your mind and in your heart. You've got to start doing the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've got about four minutes before my next person is coming in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In here. So, Lauren.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start doing the work. Reach out to Kara asked her what meeting, she goes to connect go to a meeting with with somebody you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the same thing with Donna when we go into group on Monday asked her the same thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Download that affirmations page and read it to yourself every morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start doing the things that you need to do to change where you're sitting right now okay because it will change your mind will change your heart will change. I know you don't think it right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you will just trust the process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just trust it. You're putting one foot in front of the other. Right. Yeah, don't do any more whippets sit whippets dust off huffing paint all of those things. They're in their combined in one because it's toughing right it's still getting you out of not feeling just for those 10 seconds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you can't do. You can't do it. You know what I mean when you find your mind saying, well, it's only this, at least it's not that you're justifying and rationalizing falling right back into addictive behaviors. You don't want to do that.
Lauren Kelly: 100% realize that that's exactly what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so instead of coming up at your partner and saying, well, if you will do this. I'll do that. You've got to, you've got to be vulnerable and say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I realized my part in this. Can I ask you to be my accountability partner. Can I ask you if you see me doing something that you know is, is not healthy. Will you please bring it to my attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm working progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm trying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to change a pattern of my thinking and my behaviors and my feelings that has been said, is set in my life since I was a kid, and it's going to take time for me to get to a point where I feel like I'm worthy of anything, can you please be my accountability partner. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just leave it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just start doing the work. If he's still going over you know if he's going over and he's visiting his kids that is a perfect time to you for you to be diving into progression your recovery to do in the things for more in that Lauren has to do
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, he's actually going back to work. They're letting people at back in in phases and stuff. And he's going back and like the first face next week. So like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See sees so you're going to have plenty of time to be able to focus on these things. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And every day. You're going to feel a little bit better. You're going to feel a little bit better might be internet a time every day. You're going to feel a little bit better. You have to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're just a person I've gotten there.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and
Lauren Kelly: Let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell you these things you just sit here and listen to me tell you these good things because you need to hear them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are a good person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, you do have a great heart. You are worthy to have the love of your life. Love you 100% unconditionally. You are worthy to have a trusting relationship. You are worthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To trust yourself and this this addiction. It can be controlled and with the work that you're getting ready to do. You're going to succeed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you hear me, I do might you might not feel it, but that is the God's honest truth and I don't tell you anything that's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: grab ahold of your sobriety and own it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start doing the work that you need to do for you.
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry, I'm just taking a note because I like that that you just said, grab ahold of my sobriety and on it. Um, so I'm going to
Lauren Kelly: When I get off with you. I'm going to text care and just asked her, what's the next meeting. She's going to get him on that.
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to read myself that acceptance statement daily. I'm going to download those affirmations and work on that. And then just try to get as many
Lauren Kelly: Meetings, as I can. Hopefully, mostly connected to either carried on it. But if not, like, that's not an excuse not to go still go, you know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: And work on some of these other things. Eventually, like he said I know we've been talking about that you hear a thing. I definitely need to look into like he's our medical. I don't know if, like, that's something that so extra it's like they won't cover. I don't know how that all works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'll tell you, so you call the virtual clinic as soon as you get off with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you ask them if you could possibly get on Serena's
Schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To start end or it's going to be a little while because there's there's a waiting list. So it gives you a good amount of time to start focusing on your recovery, you know that it's going to come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't know that they offer that right her health offers it
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, awesome.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only one therapist has it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so that's what you're. What I want you to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that it's going to be a while so
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but at least we'll be something to look forward to. Because that's something I've been wanting to do for a long time. So just even though it's on the calendar. I think would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you know, yes.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, cool. That's good. And the last thing I wanted to just share with you is I finally and Paul got it for me. I'm on last week was our was it 10 month anniversary
Lauren Kelly: So he got me something I've wanted for a really long time, which was the 23 a media DNA hit. And the reason you pick 23 years because that's the one. My brother did
Lauren Kelly: When he found out or dad runner. Dad, though I am within like you know the next few weeks gonna, you know, get that. So I already did. I did. At the very next day.
Lauren Kelly: And set it off. So I am awaiting the results of finding out like I'm pretty sure I will find out who like I donor. Is there anything but
Lauren Kelly: My brother when he, when it first came out, I THINK HE HAD FIVE SIBLINGS. He was connected with and now he's up to like 12 because I guess. Second, most people that did this did this.
Lauren Kelly: Regularly they, you know, he said his guys called like a frequent flyer, most of them didn't just donate once and that was it. So like there's a
Lauren Kelly: Good in the clinic was in the Bay Area where I live. So, but, like, almost all my brothers 12 siblings are all like in the Bay Area. He lives in Spokane, we haven't been able to connect with all of them, but
Lauren Kelly: There's a good chance, like in the next few weeks, I can find like brothers and sisters. So that's huge. That's something I've wanted to do for like over a year now, you know, and then and also this Sunday is the one year anniversary of my dad's death so
Lauren Kelly: That's something that I'm really dreading but you know I'm I've just got to
Lauren Kelly: You know, deal with it and walk through those emails I just the most guilt with that for me is I think of like, yeah, I remember when my dad died, and I was at his grave and I was telling him.
Lauren Kelly: That I knew I had this problem and I was going to get clean and I was going to make him proud in like to know that at this year anniversary. I've got over five months felt like that's really cool. But all I think about is, like, what if I got a year before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And got a standard of what
Lauren Kelly: I would have had a few months of being an awesome daughter, and he would have got to see that, like I just have to hope and believe in like a God that like lets him see it now but like
Lauren Kelly: For all I know, he just saw this shitty daughter, and then he died, and like I just wish I could just send it one to your sooner so he can see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you got to get out of that thought process again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out of that thought process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you can't change the story that's already been written it's done right, what you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is be the best you that you can be right now because I believe hundred percent
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That our loved ones are watching
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're there and they see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have to know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That your dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is 100% proud of you today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hundred percent because where you were a year ago versus where you are now is two different places honor him Sunday honor him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you feel like crying you cry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You let it out you don't hold it in. You don't try to get out of feeling it. You feel it because you're still in the grieving process, but do something to honor him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, make it, make it good celebrate the time that you had with him. You've got to change. Get out of the, what is the minute you start thinking, What if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to go right back down into that rabbit hole you tear yourself say what if walk away. Yeah, because you can't take that it's done. It's written. There's so many things that every human beings past that we wish that we could change, but we can't
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know how to move on from that, without the guilt and the shame. You know, I don't know how to just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, okay, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He'll
Lauren Kelly: Associate attached, that if you live with this overwhelming.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you heal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you are in the healing process. There'll be a day that you don't feel that anymore that you'll be able to come across as anniversaries birthdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the holidays. Without them, you'll have him in your thoughts. You might even cry for him, but you'll remember the good more than you will the bad and you'll get rid of that guilt and shame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what a part of what all this is about releasing all that crap from inside all that guilt. All that shame, all that. Oh my god, PTSD, all of the trauma from your past, when you relieved relieved, all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will feel freedom, like you never you've never known.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to know that. So get out of the what ifs. Get out of the wishes, because we don't have genies that can give it to us. Right. Yeah. It is what it is. We can't change it, but we can become the better the best people that we can become now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can use that as a driving force to do the work we need to do on herself. Yeah, I need to be the best person that I can possibly be for myself and for my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For my life. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So think about instead of going down the rabbit hole of the negative. Think about what can you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To honor him on Sunday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's that simple. How can I honor you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. I want you to please please try it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I definitely and if you feel like crying.
Cry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get out of it. It's a loss. It's a process that you have to go through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm really excited for you than that. I hope that you find everything that you're looking for doing this DNA test, and I hope that you find connections in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's scary because they give you like a
Lauren Kelly: pre existing condition like if you have like that breast cancer gene. And if you could possibly have.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm I also have like some
Lauren Kelly: anxiety about that. I'm like, Oh, crap. What if they tell me I'm like Parkinson's or so, you know, one of those jeans or whatever, but the more exciting part is that I could possibly be meeting, like a brother or sister, and even if there's one connection out of like 12 siblings, like how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that would be awesome. And if they can tell you that you have any that you're susceptible, you have the gene for these things. You have a way of dealing with it. Now you have a way of saying, hey, this is what I found out what can I do to be proactive to help me later.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, absolutely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's about changing that mindset, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thought at a time.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I'm just, I'm really excited for who knows what I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I'm excited for you.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I was excited about that. That's coming. I think it takes like two, three weeks. I mean, I could. We could have three for more sessions before anything ever comes, you know, but it's on its way. You know, I sent it off. He gave it to me. I think on Tuesday. And then we send it off.
Lauren Kelly: And it's coming.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. All right. My next my next person is already there. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have some things to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Just breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay out of the negative thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Move forward when you start funny yourself go back in there. You grab your affirmation to grab that accepted statements you start put on, you know, podcasts YOU WE TALKED ABOUT YOU LISTENING TO speaker meetings. We talked about you, you know, really, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put that type of stuff inside your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, with intent to hear what's being said
Lauren Kelly: Okay. Sorry about this. So that way I have like my whole to do list. Sorry if I was like, I'm like, looking away. I just
Lauren Kelly: Got my little note.
Takers good
Lauren Kelly: Looking at something. I'm just taking lots of notes because I just had like the
Lauren Kelly: It also helps me process everything when I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell you one last thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I have faith in you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know
Lauren Kelly: Why I just, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think you can do this because Lauren I'VE SEEN I'VE SEEN THESE sparks that have come out in you. I've seen them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the thing we need to bring those sparks out and we need to build on those it's there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you hear me, I have faith in you and I believe in you. And I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you can do this without a doubt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no wavering in my belief in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So when we can get you to the piece where you can believe it, too. I am going to, I'm going to dance.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, I'm going to sing, sing with joy because it is so important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll get there. It's just going to take time. All right.
Lauren Kelly: Can't wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I gotta go.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you for everything, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you in group.
Lauren Kelly: So much this week. And there's just a lot so sorry I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Worried about it.
So much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, stop it. No, no, no, no. Don't you even for one second even thinking that in that realm of thought. You have nothing to be sorry for you have work to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That list that you have right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Lauren Kelly: It's three pages long. So it's a lot so
Lauren Kelly: Thank you for everything. I really appreciate it. And I'm definitely going to really dedicate myself to this because I think you're right. I have to start from being the good and and I'm feeding the loud voices that are screaming enough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the only way that you're going to be able to get them to shut up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And bring the positives by feeding that other side
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I haven't been like super vigilant about and I need to change that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's do it. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you so much.
Lauren Kelly: We appreciate your time and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I can't wait to see you. I will see you in group. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: I grew up on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great week.
Thank you.